This we do really give you a quick overview of how we will discuss different questions and different
topics during these cops in the schools would follow the order which is in the media guide the exact
order of the questions in the guide is the order in which we will discuss things in the schools.
If you are interested in a specific section then you can jump around that specific video because that's
the order we would take.
For example if you're not really interested in the basics and you want to skip the first 20 questions
you can do that and you can move on to the other topics directly.
We start off with the Java platform JDK JVM Geddie platform dependent and this kind of stuff we would
move into the basics like we're apat classes trollings Jawaid an object oriented language and we would
discuss the basics of object oriented programming.
Next we discuss a class object to string equals and a lot of other things.
During the subsequent actions we will also talk about interface abstraction and constructors.
We also discuss a few Object-Oriented concepts in the Edwins or do you object to the contexts like coupling
Cohon polymorphism encapsulation in classes starting in classes and anonymous class.
Then we move into modifiers.
The default class modifier a private package access protected static final and all that kind of good
stuff.
After looking at a few examples on conditions and loops we move into the all important topic of exception
handling.
There are a lot of miscellaneous topics that will cover as part of the miscellaneous topic section at
the end of which we move into collections.
We also discuss about Grant collections.
Lexington nice collection concurrent collections and things like that.
Then we would move into topics like generics multi-threading and functional programming with lambda
expressions and streams.
We in the course by discussing different new features which were introduced in previous versions of
Joe Erlichman going through the PTF guide to understand the exact order of the specific topic you are
interested in might be discussed.
The idea behind this video was to just give you an overview of the specific order in which we discuss
things in this code.
If you take the guide and spend some time with it you should be able to easily figure out where a specific
question might be.
We are excited to start with the real questions.
Indeed next we do and then we're at.